Who am I kind
I have Fox why not a horse or a beetle
or a bald eagle I'm saying this more as
like existentialism you know I don't
know what you're talking about but it
sounds illegal Wes Anderson creates a
triumphant animated storytelling honey
I'm seven nine Fox years old now my
father died at seven-and-a-half I don't
want to live in a hole anymore and I'm
gonna do something about it don't buy
this tree foxy this is Boggis Bunce and
bean three of the meanest nastiest
ugliest farmers in this valley you're
moving into the most dangerous
neighborhood for someone of your type of
species your comments are valuable but
I'm gonna ignore your advice because you
are are you cussing with me no you
costume with me don't cut some point
it's by the tree okay Rolling Stone
raves fantastic mr. Fox is a movie that
deserves to be called groundbreaking
it looks like nothing you've seen before
I look good yeah it's proof that Pixar
doesn't have a monopoly on heartfelt and
funny animation
I'm asking if he thinks we're in for a
hard winter Academy Award winner George
Clooney what's this thing you do the
whistle with the clicking sound that's
my trademark Academy Award winner Meryl
Streep you really are a quote unquote
fantastic box I try Jason schwartzmann
Bill Murray
Willem Dafoe Oh whack that's real simple
there's three grabbers three taggers
five twig runners and a player at
whack-bat Center tiger lights a pinecone
chucks or the basket and black powder
tries to hit the cedar stick off the
cross rock fantastic mr. Fox wig runners
- back and forth until the pinecone
burns out then you count up over many
score down that adds up to and divide
that by nine
[Music]